README.md, before:

Building Unit Tests with JUnit
==============================
In this assignment, you'll get some practice at building effective unit tests. Using the example from our videos, you'll be developing tests for the Demo class, including the isTriangle() and main() methods.

Your task is to create a file, DemoTest.java, which properly tests the Demo class to ensure it is working properly. The correct Demo.java file is provided for your use.

Below, are instructions to get you started.  We provide instructions for building and running the tests.  We've provided you with the files needed to get you started.  Information about the directory structure is also included below.

### Deliverable
Your deliverable is the `DemoTest.java` which tests the Demo class.

### Evaluation
In order to measure the adequacy of your tests, we will be using mutation analysis. We have generated many variations of the Demo.java file, each with a single fault introduced. These faults (mutations) include things like swapping a binary operator for another (e.g., '+' instead of '-'), or changing the variable used for another variable of the same type (e.g., 'a' substituted for 'b').


Package Prerequisites
---------------------
Java 8 JDK

### Installing Java 8
#### Windows / macOS / Linux
To install Java, download the **JDK** installer from: 
  http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/index.html

#### Ubuntu
On Ubuntu 16.04 and up, to install Java (OpenJDK) run:

    sudo apt update
    sudo apt install default-jdk
    
If you'd rather run Oracle Java, run:

    sudo add-apt-repository ppa:webupd8team/java
    sudo apt update
    sudo apt install oracle-java8-installer
   
### Eclipse (recommended)
To install eclipse, visit https://www.eclipse.org/downloads/ and download the installer.  This is the most reliable method to get the latest version of eclipse.
   
    
Known Issues
------------
### Java 9
Currently, Java 9 is not supported for this project.  Please install Java 8 and update your `JAVA_HOME` environment variable to point to your Java 8 JDK.  Gradle will throw an exception if you try to use any other version of Java.

Alternatively, if you intend to run everything from command-line and you have multiple versions of Java installed, you can execute `./gradlew build -Dorg.gradle.java=<PATH_TO_JAVA_HOME>` or the similar Windows command to avoid updating your `JAVA_HOME` variable.  Note, however, that `PATH_TO_JAVA_HOME` cannot include spaces in it, even if the path is quoted.

On some systems, eclipse may have issues when run with Java 9 (when the `JAVA_HOME` variable points to the Java 9 directory).  Set the `JAVA_HOME` system/shell varible to point to Java 8.


### Eclipse: Running with HiDPI Displays
Eclipse should work out of the box with HiDPI displays (also called UHD, Retina, 4K/5K/...) on Windows and macOS.  Unfortunately, this isn't true for Linux (at least on the current release of Ubuntu with a GTK-based window manager).  If you encounter an issue running eclipse with a HiDPI display on Linux, you may need to disable SWT-GTK.  To do this, set the `SWT_GTK` property to 0 (`SWT_GTK=0`).  This will make the buttons and menus in eclipse readable.  I use the following command on my Ubuntu machine (from the directory containing my eclipse installation):
    
    export SWT_GTK3=0; ./eclipse


Building
---------
This contains instructions for building the project.  The unmodified, original set of files in this project will build correctly.

### From Eclipse
#### Importing the Project to your Workspace
To import the project:
  1. Go to File > Import.  
  2. In the Import window, expand the  "Gradle" folder and select "Existing Gradle Project".  Click "Next".
  3. If you encounter the Welcome screen (a screen describing how to "experience the best Gradle integration"), click "Next.
  4. On the "Import Gradle Project" screen, enter the "Project root directory" (the directory containing this README) or click "Browse..." and navigate to it.  Once the root directory is entered, click "Finish".


#### Building
To build the project, you will need the "Gradle Tasks" view (normally it is a tab in the bottom frame next to "Problems", "Javadoc", "Console", etc.).  If you don't have it, go to Window > Show View > Other and from the Gradle folder, double click on "Gradle Tasks".

In the "Gradle Tasks" view, expand the project folder then expand "build".  Double click on "build".  You will be taken to the "Gradle Executions" view where you will see the results of running each step in the gradle build script.  The project should build successfully (at least before you make any changes).  To view what was printed to the screen by the build, open the "Console" view.

If you need to clean the project (delete all compiled files), double click on the "clean" target in the "Gradle Tasks" view in build under the project folder.


### From Command-Line
To compile from command-line, execute `./gradlew build` (on Linux\UNIX; including macOS) or `gradlew.bat build`.  This will download gradle and all required libraries (on the first run only).  Then, it will compile the code, execute the Cucumber tests.  The test results are emitted as a report to `build/reports/tests/test/index.html`. 

To open a report in a browser, append "file://" before the full path to the file (on Windows, change the "/" to "\"), or navigate to the directory and open the file with the browser.  For example, `file:///\<pathToExpandedProject\>/build/reports/tests/test/index.html`, opens the JUnit test report on my system once I replace `pathToExpandedProject` with the actual path.

If you need to clean the project (delete all compiled files), execute `./gradlew clean` (Linux/UNIX/MacOS) or `gradlew.bat build` (Windows).


### From Other IDEs
You can run this project within any Gradle-capable IDE (e.g., InteliJ IDEA, NetBeans with the Gradle plugin).  Consult your IDE's instructions for how to set this up.


Directory Structure
-------------------
 * `build.gradle` -- the build file that will help you build the SUT and tests as well as execute the tests and measure coverage
 * `gradlew` -- script to run gradle from a Linux/UNIX system (including MacOS).
 * `gradlew.bat` -- script to run gradle from Windows
 * `src/main/java` -- contains the system under test (SUT; in this case, `Demo.java`).  Do not modify this code.
 * `src/test/java` -- the JUnit test code that you develop.  We provided an empty `DemoTest.java` file to get you started.
 * `build/reports` -- contains the different reports generated by the build.  NOTE: This directory will only exist once a gradle build has been run!
   - `tests/test/index.html` -- the JUnit test report (describing which tests passed and which failed); this file is only created if the unit tests are executed.

Commit message:

17 basic unit tests using junit (#18)
* NEW | Statud CI Badge

* Update gradle.yml

* New | Test JUnit Demo

* ADD | JUnit Test Just Test Class Build

* Update gradle.yml

* Update gradle.yml

* #17 CHANGE | QA Main method test setup

README.md, after:

Building Unit Tests with JUnit
==============================

## Continous integration by GitHub Actions

[![Java CI with Gradle](https://github.com/AlexisTercero55/Java-QA-Testing/actions/workflows/gradle.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/AlexisTercero55/Java-QA-Testing/actions/workflows/gradle.yml)

Requirements
---------------------
Java 8 JDK

### Install Java 8
To install Java, download the **JDK** installer from: 
  http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/index.html

#### Ubuntu
On Ubuntu to install Java (OpenJDK) run:

    sudo apt update
    sudo apt install default-jdk
    
If you'd rather run Oracle Java, run:

    sudo add-apt-repository ppa:webupd8team/java
    sudo apt update
    sudo apt install oracle-java8-installer
   
### Eclipse (recommended)
To install eclipse, visit https://www.eclipse.org/downloads/ and download the installer.  This is the most reliable method to get the latest version of eclipse.
   
    
Known Issues
------------
### Java 9
Currently, Java 9 is not supported for this project.  Please install Java 8 and update your `JAVA_HOME` environment variable to point to your Java 8 JDK.  Gradle will throw an exception if you try to use any other version of Java.

Alternatively, if you intend to run everything from command-line and you have multiple versions of Java installed, you can execute `./gradlew build -Dorg.gradle.java=<PATH_TO_JAVA_HOME>` or the similar Windows command to avoid updating your `JAVA_HOME` variable.  Note, however, that `PATH_TO_JAVA_HOME` cannot include spaces in it, even if the path is quoted.

On some systems, eclipse may have issues when run with Java 9 (when the `JAVA_HOME` variable points to the Java 9 directory).  Set the `JAVA_HOME` system/shell varible to point to Java 8.

Building
---------
Instructions for building the project Java Plugging based.

### From Eclipse
#### Importing the Project to your Workspace
To import the project:
  1. Go to File > Import.  
  2. In the Import window, expand the  "Gradle" folder and select "Existing Gradle Project".  Click "Next".
  3. If you encounter the Welcome screen (a screen describing how to "experience the best Gradle integration"), click "Next.
  4. On the "Import Gradle Project" screen, enter the "Project root directory" (the directory containing this README) or click "Browse..." and navigate to it.  Once the root directory is entered, click "Finish".


#### Building
To build the project, you will need the "Gradle Tasks" view (normally it is a tab in the bottom frame next to "Problems", "Javadoc", "Console", etc.).  If you don't have it, go to Window > Show View > Other and from the Gradle folder, double click on "Gradle Tasks".

In the "Gradle Tasks" view, expand the project folder then expand "build".  Double click on "build".  You will be taken to the "Gradle Executions" view where you will see the results of running each step in the gradle build script.  The project should build successfully (at least before you make any changes).  To view what was printed to the screen by the build, open the "Console" view.

If you need to clean the project (delete all compiled files), double click on the "clean" target in the "Gradle Tasks" view in build under the project folder.


### From Command-Line
To compile from command-line, execute `./gradlew build` (on Linux\UNIX; including macOS) or `gradlew.bat build`.  This will download gradle and all required libraries (on the first run only).  Then, it will compile the code, execute the Cucumber tests.  The test results are emitted as a report to `build/reports/tests/test/index.html`. 

To open a report in a browser, append "file://" before the full path to the file (on Windows, change the "/" to "\"), or navigate to the directory and open the file with the browser.  For example, `file:///\<pathToExpandedProject\>/build/reports/tests/test/index.html`, opens the JUnit test report on my system once I replace `pathToExpandedProject` with the actual path.

If you need to clean the project (delete all compiled files), execute `./gradlew clean` (Linux/UNIX/MacOS) or `gradlew.bat build` (Windows).


### From Other IDEs
You can run this project within any Gradle-capable IDE (e.g., InteliJ IDEA, NetBeans with the Gradle plugin).  Consult your IDE's instructions for how to set this up.


Directory Structure
-------------------
 * `build.gradle` -- the build file that will help you build the SUT and tests as well as execute the tests and measure coverage
 * `gradlew` -- script to run gradle from a Linux/UNIX system (including MacOS).
 * `gradlew.bat` -- script to run gradle from Windows
 * `src/main/java` -- contains the system under test (SUT; in this case, `Demo.java`).  Do not modify this code.
 * `src/test/java` -- the JUnit test code that you develop.  We provided an empty `DemoTest.java` file to get you started.
 * `build/reports` -- contains the different reports generated by the build.  NOTE: This directory will only exist once a gradle build has been run!
   - `tests/test/index.html` -- the JUnit test report (describing which tests passed and which failed); this file is only created if the unit tests are executed.
